README.md, before:

# Shellerator
  Shellerator is a simple command-line tool aimed to help pentesters quickly generate one-liner reverse/bind shells in multiple languages (Bash, Powershell, Java, Python...).
  This project is inspired by [Print-My-Shell](https://github.com/sameera-madushan/Print-My-Shell/). I just rewrote it and added some options and glitter to it.
  **The lists of reverse and bind shells are not perfect yet. I'll work on this when I have the time to. I'll be happy to review pull requests too :)**

  ![Example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ShutdownRepo/shellerator/master/assets/example.gif)

# Install
  The install is pretty simple, just clone this git and install the requirements.
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/ShutdownRepo/shellerator
  pip3 install --user -r requirements.txt
  ```

# Usage
  Usage is dead simple too.
  ```
  usage: shellerator.py [-h] [-b | -r] [-t TYPE] [-p LPORT] [-i LHOST]

  Generate a bind/reverse shell

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help              show this help message and exit
    -b, --bind-shell        Generate a bind shell (you connect to the target)
    -r, --reverse-shell     Generate a reverse shell (the target connects to you) (Default)

  Bind shell options:
    -t TYPE, --type TYPE    Type of the shell to generate (Bash, Powershell, Java...)
    -p LPORT, --port LPORT  Listener Port (required for reverse shells) (Default: 1337)

  Reverse shell options:
    -t TYPE, --type TYPE    Type of the shell to generate (Bash, Powershell, Java...)
    -i LHOST, --ip LHOST    Listener IP address (required for reverse shells)
    -p LPORT, --port PORT   Listener Port (required for reverse shells) (Default: 1337)
  ```

## Bind shell
  ```
  python3 shellerator.py --bind-shell --port 1337
  ```

## Reverse shell
  If you want to generate reverse shells (choice by default), you'll need to supply the listener IP address and port.
  ```
  python3 shellerator.py -i/--ip 192.168.56.1 -p/--port 1337
  python3 shellerator.py -r/--reverse-shell -i/--ip 192.168.56.1 -p/--port 1337
  ```

## Without a CLI menu
  If you already know what type of shell you want to generate and don't have time to select the language in the beautiful CLI menu, you can set it with the appropriate `-t` (or `--type`) option.
  ```
  python3 shellerator.py [-r | -b] -t/--type bash -i/--ip 192.168.56.1 -p/--port 1337
  ```

# To-Do List
## Things to add
  Here are some things to add that I have in mind, I'll work on that asap
  - Add a `-l/--list` option for bind/revshell to list the types of shell in the DB (php, python, powershell, bash and so on)
  - Rebuild the bind and reverse shells dictionnary

# Sources
  Shells mostly come from the following links
  - https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Reverse%20Shell%20Cheatsheet.md
  - http://pentestmonkey.net/cheat-sheet/shells/reverse-shell-cheat-sheet
  - https://www.hackingtutorials.org/networking/hacking-netcat-part-2-bind-reverse-shells/
  - https://ashr.net/bind/and/reverse/shell/cheatsheet/windows/and/linux.aspx

Commit message:

Refactored almost everything - rebuilt the whole reverse shells database - shells don't need to be base64 encoded anymore - specials notes can easily be added to the shells (e.g. to specify when revshells only work on certain OS) - simplified some things to make the code easier to understand

README.md, after:

# Shellerator
  Shellerator is a simple command-line tool aimed to help pentesters quickly generate one-liner reverse/bind shells in multiple languages (Bash, Powershell, Java, Python...).
  This project is inspired by [Print-My-Shell](https://github.com/sameera-madushan/Print-My-Shell/). I just rewrote it and added some options and glitter to it.
  **The lists of reverse and bind shells are not perfect yet. I'll work on this when I have the time to. I'll be happy to review pull requests too :)**

  ![Example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ShutdownRepo/shellerator/master/assets/example.gif)

# Install
  The install is pretty simple, just clone this git and install the requirements.
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/ShutdownRepo/shellerator
  pip3 install --user -r requirements.txt
  ```

# Usage
  Usage is dead simple too.
  ```
  usage: shellerator.py [-h] [-b | -r] [-t TYPE] [-p LPORT] [-i LHOST]

  Generate a bind/reverse shell

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help              show this help message and exit
    -b, --bind-shell        Generate a bind shell (you connect to the target)
    -r, --reverse-shell     Generate a reverse shell (the target connects to you) (Default)

  Bind shell options:
    -t TYPE, --type TYPE    Type of the shell to generate (Bash, Powershell, Java...)
    -p LPORT, --port LPORT  Listener Port (required for reverse shells) (Default: 1337)

  Reverse shell options:
    -t TYPE, --type TYPE    Type of the shell to generate (Bash, Powershell, Java...)
    -i LHOST, --ip LHOST    Listener IP address (required for reverse shells)
    -p LPORT, --port PORT   Listener Port (required for reverse shells) (Default: 1337)
  ```

## Bind shell
  ```
  python3 shellerator.py --bind-shell --port 1337
  ```

## Reverse shell
  If you want to generate reverse shells (choice by default), you'll need to supply the listener IP address and port.
  ```
  python3 shellerator.py -i/--ip 192.168.56.1 -p/--port 1337
  python3 shellerator.py -r/--reverse-shell -i/--ip 192.168.56.1 -p/--port 1337
  ```

## Without a CLI menu
  If you already know what type of shell you want to generate and don't have time to select the language in the beautiful CLI menu, you can set it with the appropriate `-t` (or `--type`) option.
  ```
  python3 shellerator.py [-r | -b] -t/--type bash -i/--ip 192.168.56.1 -p/--port 1337
  ```

# To-Do List
## Things to add
  Here are some things to add that I have in mind, I'll work on that asap
  - Add a `-l/--list` option for bind/revshell to list the types of shell in the DB (php, python, powershell, bash and so on)
  - Add binshells
  - Add somekind of option to help user get info on how to improve shell/tty (rlwrap, stty, ConPty (cf. PayloadsAllTheThings))

# Sources
  Shells mostly come from the following links
  - https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Reverse%20Shell%20Cheatsheet.md
  - http://pentestmonkey.net/cheat-sheet/shells/reverse-shell-cheat-sheet
  - https://www.hackingtutorials.org/networking/hacking-netcat-part-2-bind-reverse-shells/
  - https://ashr.net/bind/and/reverse/shell/cheatsheet/windows/and/linux.aspx
